AST-3218 - Fix:PHP 8.2 Compatibility Issues. (#5180)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Header Builder - Menu - Item Divider doesn't work on the last submenu item.
- Fix: Author Link not working on layout 2 for single post title.
- Fix: Fatal error: Uncaught TypeError: Unsupported operand types: On frontend and customizer.

> - Fix: PHP8.2 compatibility warnings that cause site crash issue.
> - Fix: WooCommerce - Slide-in cart automatically trigger while saving changes in elementor editor.
> - Fix: Incompatibility deprecated warning with PHP v8.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: WooCommerce - Slide-in cart automatically trigger while saving changes in elementor editor.
- Fix: Incompatibility with latest PHP v8.x versions.
```
